warning: no gangmu.yaml found. Several obligations can only be satisfied by a declaration; run `gangmu init` first.
part AI-II-1   Annex I Part II (1)      Identify and document components, including an SBOM
         + CycloneDX 1.6: a commonly used, machine-readable format
         + 4 component(s) listed
         ! 14 director(ies) look like components and were not identified. Top-level coverage cannot be claimed while they are unexplained.
         -> Write a rule for each unidentified directory, or record in the technical documentation why it is not a component (generated code, your own source).
ok   AI-II-2   Annex I Part II (2)      Address and remediate vulnerabilities without delay
         + 36 vulnerability record(s), each with a recorded state
         + 36 still in triage -- these are the ones a human must close before a declaration of conformity
         -> Close the in_triage findings: for a vendor fork, check the fork's history for the fix.
---- AI-II-3   Annex I Part II (3)      Effective and regular tests and reviews of security
         ! security testing is not what this tool does
         -> Record your test regime in the technical documentation.
part AI-II-4   Annex I Part II (4)      Publicly disclose information about fixed vulnerabilities
         + the VEX document carries descriptions, affected components and severities
         -> Publish the VEX alongside each security update.
FAIL AI-II-5   Annex I Part II (5)      Coordinated vulnerability disclosure policy
         ! manufacturer.cvd_policy_url is not declared
         -> Declare your coordinated vulnerability disclosure policy in gangmu.yaml under manufacturer.cvd_policy_url.
FAIL AI-II-6   Annex I Part II (6)      Contact address for reporting vulnerabilities
         ! manufacturer.vulnerability_contact is not declared
         -> Declare the address people report vulnerabilities to in gangmu.yaml under manufacturer.vulnerability_contact.
---- AI-II-7   Annex I Part II (7)      Mechanisms to securely distribute updates
         ! update distribution is product engineering, not SBOM tooling
         -> Describe the update mechanism in the technical documentation.
---- AI-II-8   Annex I Part II (8)      Security updates disseminated without delay and free of charge
         ! update distribution is product engineering, not SBOM tooling
         -> Describe the update mechanism in the technical documentation.
FAIL ART-13-8  Article 13(8) and Annex VII Technical documentation, kept for ten years
         ! no evidence bundle was produced
         ! retention.years is not declared in the configuration
         ! market.placed_on_market is not declared, so the retention period has no start date
         -> gangmu evidence --out cra-evidence/
part ART-14    Article 14               Reporting actively exploited vulnerabilities and severe incidents
         + component name and CVE can be filled from the SBOM, which is what makes the 24-hour deadline survivable
         ! product.name is missing -- the notification names the product
         ! product.version is missing -- the notification names the affected version
         ! manufacturer.name is missing -- the notification names the manufacturer
         ! market.member_states is missing -- the notification lists the member states the product is available in
         ! reporting.assigned_representative is missing -- the platform needs a named person holding the EU Login account
         -> Fill the missing fields in gangmu.yaml; the 24-hour clock is not the moment to look them up.

met=1  not met=3  out of scope=3  partial=3

Blocking: AI-II-5, AI-II-6, ART-13-8

'out of scope' means the obligation is real and this tool does not address it. Those are yours to document.
